Update MPSL and SoftDevice Controller (#338)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: mpsl/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

Master branch
*************

Added
=====
* Added a new signal to MPSL timeslot ``MPSL_TIMESLOT_SIGNAL_OVERSTAYED``.
  This signal is given to the application when a timeslot session is closed too late (DRGN-14677).

Bugfixes
========

> * Fixed an issue where the low frequency clock was configured incorrectly when low frequency source was either low or full swing signal (DRGN-15064).

Reviewer: @greg-fer How can we rephrase this section to match our DRGN-15064 known issue description:
https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/3402

Reviewer: Yes - it will not be present in v1.4.1 because we are also porting the fix to the v1.4 branch:
https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib/pull/349

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

Master branch
*************

Added
=====

> * Added a new signal to MPSL timeslot ``MPSL_TIMESLOT_SIGNAL_OVERSTAYED``.
>   This signal is given to the application when a timeslot session is closed too late (DRGN-14677).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added a new signal to the MPSL timeslot: ``MPSL_TIMESLOT_SIGNAL_OVERSTAYED``.
  This signal is given to the application when a timeslot session is closed too late. (DRGN-14677)
```

> * Added clock configuration option to not wait for low frequency clock to start (DRGN-14204).
>   See ``mpsl_clock_lfclk_cfg_t::skip_wait_lfclk_started``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added a new clock configuration option :c:member:`skip_wait_lfclk_started` in :c:struct:`mpsl_clock_lfclk_cfg_t`, which does not wait for the start of Low Frequency Clock. (DRGN-14204)
```
